A player wrote a session log from their character's point of view so there may be some typos and small inaccuracies, but can you add additional details from their session notes to update the session plan document for Session 0:

We all woke up groggy within a wagon in an unknown world and told that we are being taken to a city to help a cause? Loid was motive-checked by N’tal and has good motives. Met this high enforcer dude and are able to all of a sudden understand the local language. We were told that we would learn more tomorrow. Got dripped out at the candy store and Iiko somehow triggered the shopkeep by bringing up ardent. Met a few folks that told us to stay quiet and not cause any problems. Food at noms was alright. Iiko (Truong) somehow deflected Luggan and was really cool and rizzed up Renna. Iiko learned Ardents are properties that worship the higher beings for people and there are different “houses” of Ardents (resolve being one). We ate our curries near the 4 potential leads that would assist us with our first mission. We quickly learned that light colored eyes and skin are superior and very blatantly known. Sila = big muscular dude, Chip = privileged light eye dude, Senny = ???, Neval = ??? Somehow, a brawl starts due to Beric (Jack) and Koloko (Anh) bringing up questions in regards to “reading” and Doug (Audrey) ends up getting killed by Sila and Luggan. Yellow lightning bolt things that aren’t tangible showed up while the action was taking place, but slowly dissipated. Ojog is really quiet. N’tal is not very tall, however has a great way with words. Iiko leaves noms with Renna and continues rizzing. He notices two moons of different colours, with one further than the other. In disbelief, we kind of move forward and realize there isn’t much justice in this world. I wake to a random pouch, however I have no chance to discover what it is due to the nosiness of others cough N’tal cough. To the next day!